= horo

* http://github.com/tenderlove/horo

== DESCRIPTION:

An RDoc template extracted from Ruby on Rails.  Provides the same documetation
style and format used for Ruby on Rails API documentation.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* May have bugs?

== SYNOPSIS:

You can output Horo formatted documentation from the command line like this:

  $ sudo gem install horo
  $ cd ~/git/nokogiri
  $ rdoc -f horo --main README.rdoc *.rdoc lib ext

Here is an example rake task that uses the Horo format:

  RDoc::Task.new do |rdoc|
    rdoc.title    = "My Awesome docs"
    rdoc.rdoc_dir = 'doc'
  
    rdoc.options << '-f' << 'horo'
    rdoc.options << '--main' << 'README'
  end

The important part is that you have the "horo" gem installed and that you pass
the "-f horo" option.  That tells RDoc to use the Horo format when generating
your documentation.

== REQUIREMENTS:

* Ruby
* RDoc 2.5.x

== INSTALL:

* gem install horo

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 Aaron Patterson, Hongli Lai, Jamis Buck, et al.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
